foreign
tonight we have a Bible study with a treat
um we are going to feature in Our Salon tonight in our templum we are going to feature
Matthias Ferrari who will be working on as we speak the varying image the very
image of she who's him we are reading
um yes so we're taking ourselves tonight to the initiation
um welcome Matthias I'm just going to tell you to leave Matthias a tad
enigmatic I'm going to tell you that he is being tested he is being tested to
see if he is worthy of the Ferrari who made the sculpture of Bruno
I want to see we're here to see the devil is testing him tonight with his
hands he is breathing life into the image of
the Virgo the naked virgin welcome to the naked version virgin I'm gonna jump
right in tonight with our text I want us this is Bible study so of course we're
going to open tonight with a Bible verse and I want us to all go to go to that
text edoken
is autonomy apology
on Matthias uh hits your mute button for a
second so this is our opening this is our opening passage this is our Bible
passage it's the famous John 3 16 that you see at every football game held up
on the sign and I just want you to notice that
God loves the world and gave his monogenes
his mono Guinness she would bring us back up the passage again I want you to look at look at the word mono Guinness
it's on the second line second line and it's the third word in
the form here yeah because it's an accusative those of you in class
excellent um but I want you to look at that word and I want you to remember that word
what is the only begotten what is the only begotten of God what is it there
are those people out there who believe Christianity they are believers and they
believe Christianity came ex-nihilo in the first century just poof it was there
on the scene and for those of us who study reason and don't have the belief
we know that this does not happen that there there is not a religious framework
that is born complete without having built upon the terminology of its
predecessors remember Judaism and Christianity are Bronze Age
saturnian offshoots I shoot
foreign great you'll have to pardon me we're having a terrible internet night tonight
here at the base of the Colorado Rockies um it's exciting but it's a little bit
annoying hopefully we'll be okay I'll be back if I have to disappear for moments
um Chewie hit the first verse from the hymn to Athena because we're looking for
this mono Guinness and I want you all to take a look at this take a look at this Palace
and we look at that second word and we see that it's the monarchinace now dialectical differences play with vowels
so that's why we get the moo in the front of the Moon okay instead of the monarchyness but don't worry it's just
the difference between something like attic and ionian yeah two different dialects fantastic the only born the
only born right Palace the only born who is Palace this is Athena we are invoking
tonight we're in Attica tonight we are in the Dem where we worship the naked
version and in this team we call her Palace and that word Palace people are so terrible
with this word um it's the the origin of it it's beautiful um The Palace is that Korra is that
pre-developed Korah who carries the spear who carries the spirit that
pre-adolescent core that carries a spear and you say wait a minute who is this that you're talking about this is the
girl whom we release from the head of Zeus
we we take the acts of Hephaestus and we
slice open Jehovah's head and from Jehovah's head
Springs the new ruler who possesses all that belongs to Jehovah
this is her and she is the Palace of the Romans
absorb the concept with pilex and it's the image of the girl who is not yet
marriageable and how do they she's not in a thief yet right she's not
marriageable so she's premarital she's not developed hence the virgin
and why we protect her because she is not yet marriageable she is in that
state now wait a minute she's burst from the head of Zeus and when she does she makes both Mortals and Immortals Quake
shake the images of shaking the images of what you feel when you get hit by the
by the wave of sound that hits you when Thunder
is is there Thunderstruck this is Thunderstruck that fear that paralyzes
you in place that is what the palace brings to you and you say how can this
Palace this mono Guinness this child of God how can this child of God which was
originally a daughter of God how can this daughter bring complete
quaking and shaking in us she is the one who emerges she is the one who emerges
from the head yes she is that daughter of matis she is
that daughter of that reasoning she is the daughter of that intellect
yes and she comes into the world in that form and you say this is not scary this
is not scary to me I don't see remember his daughter this 12 year old is
actually six foot tall and carries a a
spear and exercises naked we'll see this we'll see this and how can she do that
remember where you are remember where you are you are in a song you are in a song that is being sung
during a mystery performance the images that you are receiving you are receiving
from the throne you are seated upon the throne of Saturn
receiving these images how is it scary remember she's six foot
one because we've been giving her hormones ever since she was seven
seven is the starting age Palace means Priestess of Athena who
carries the spear Priestess of Athena who carries the
spear and she has been on hormones through the Venoms that we're giving her
since she was seven years old and now she's 12 13 years old on the cusp of
what would naturally be for those of us who are not medusai those of us who are not under the
regimen would we would start entering at 12 13 years old
um 14 we're finished and we're getting married we've cycled normally for a year everything's good we're getting married
she's in that pre-states but we've been giving her the drugs that are turning
her into something it causes her skin to become rough or
harsh they call it scaly in Greek scaly she loses sight during the day because
of the brightness she's known to inhabit the caves we call her the half virgin
half Viper or the Echidna yes the Echidna so let's look some more at the
hymns let's look some more as she emerges from the artist's hands this is like creation it's gorgeous okay the
second um the first line again please from Palace yes Palace she who is that only
begotten daughter of God yes and by the way there's another word that comes with Palace to be from it
means to be from the great father
right from that great thundering father there is no word for the Sun
only the daughter this is a female centered cult that is creating these
terms that Jesus is using somewhere between 500 to 900 years after
the Greeks are performing their Mysteries right they're Mysteries excellent excellent let's read the line
what is she she is the EK gonna the holy product or offspring of great dios deos
of great Zeus and when I say Zeus I'm referring to Jupiter himself I'm ref
um uh uh revert referring to um the Jehovah
yes the Deus the Deus
yes the Deus and we have her name on the second line because we're invoking her
Dia Dia do you see the Dr on the front here Dia now I'm going Rat King will
love this because we were talking about this today but I will go ahead and
not give you not give you the secret name because Dia hides a secret name
that if you know how to use this secret name if you know the name
you can then manipulate that Force if you knew what Amon meant
you could control almond the knowledge the frenasis
is what brings you that ability okay from the throne excellent excellent the
furnace is good um she is but I'm not going to give you a secret name from DIA I will let you know
though that Dr is a female form that the Deus is taken from
it's old old old Mycenaean it's the dewa
or the dewana oh love it it's just gorgeous this is
gorgeous that's why they walk around calling Medea the dewanasa yeah the
dewana Diwana isn't that nice the Diana ooh love it because what comes out of
Jehovah's head people are surprised what comes out she does yes beautiful beautiful polymer Colony
right clonos is a disruption in your guts on the medical side that when that
you get on your inside that wind that comes up that causes you to defecate
yes the storm that wind is the cloneos and the pollen root here it just means
war she is the one who engages in the storm of war the storm of war the obrimo
thume she has brimos she has that's from
the word Bremo in Greek and it means to thunder to shake
to create that loud voice that loud voice that
stunsume it can also be the beat of the heart
the beat of the heart she has the thunderous heart
fantastic remember she's holding it she's holding the heart of Dionysus good
um in the next line next verses here that we have up great
oh we've got some magic going on for those of you who are keeping track now we're performing a magic little device
here watch what we're doing the unspoken and the spoken the unspoken
and the spoken we're using both sides of the magic for those of you familiar with
esoteric magical text like the PGM you'll understand what's going on here
we are using the Opposites it's poles it's the manipulation of polls
remember this is a song that you're singing into the ear of the one who is
Seated on the throne that one is bound and when you're entering into this meter
you're binding that one with your song they said in these mystery performances the song was more important than even
the drugs right even the communion the song was most important
yes oh rhythmic rhythmic rhythmic rhythmic rhythmic beautiful so
um uh uh what else is she she is the mega onome the one with the great named
right the antra diate the one who exists in your antrum what is your antrum your
antrum is the center point of your temple your antrum is the center point
of your temple so the cult image the cult image is what is preserved in that
central place that is where she works nice if you climb the hill of the
Acropolis up to the Parthenon you can reach that focal point that antrum yes
originally this is a cave this is a cave right excellent
remember Medusa is the Priestess of Athena
yeah yeah right excellent okay let's keep going let's keep going because if
we want to see the Savior that's who we're looking for what who is this savior who is this only begotten
of God yeah what does she do she travels these high
mountains these high mountains the focal point she
is at the focal point of the mountain with the imagery is great here with her
head thrown back with her head thrown back oh bordering on the word can also mean
Pride right not necessarily in a bad way I'm almost a strutting
a strutting excellent and on the next line on the next line please
yeah um one before that yes um so there we are one after that I'm
sorry yeah right she also Masters those shaded mountains
those shaded mountains you didn't think Athena was the Mistress of the Shaded
mountain did you know but now you do and she focuses her mind she focuses her
mind upon not only the mountain but The Meadows
right not only The Ridges but the meadows where the cities are built where
the villages are are developed over time she is the one who works there are we
seeing Athena there's a lot more to the only born than you thought and this only born is
prophesied of we know it because Jehovah says I'm gonna be overcome by my
mono Guinness and that's why he consumes her mother
he consumes her because he doesn't want to get overthrown he doesn't want to get
over there and Jehovah is a poopy guy he's a poopy guy and he wants
to stay in power he doesn't want to relinquish his power right so
um this is the way of forcing him to relinquish it to give her the birth and
this comes through the Hephaestus Right comes through the craft how do you open
the head of Jehovah to give birth to his daughter yeah we'll do one more line and we'll check in we'll check in
um with uh uh Matthias I want you to see on the next line yes at the bottom there
right she is the one you know she's delighting in the Hopland the weapons she loves the weapons she's always
pictured with that spear when she comes out of Zeus's head the mono Guinness she comes out naked
carrying one thing and one thing on she got no helmet she got no Shield she got nothing she has a spear
and it scares us all here's this six foot tall
um hybrid Viper girl it must have been spectacular in
Antiquity to see her must have been spectacular to know one of these Viper
girls and to be like wow I'm you know impressed um their eyes supposedly were bloodshot
all the time and they used these poisons that they put in their hair and or archers they're on Archer horse
culture yeah Isn't that cool yeah that that's that sounds cool to me
um yeah and um what's the very next part of that line I told you guys the sigma Tau row root
the SDR oyster right she's causing Mania she's causing estrus right
what is she putting into asteriskas the souls proton of men The Souls of men and
where is she taking them into money I say Maniac excuse me into mania into
Maniac States you didn't think Athena the builder of the polis you didn't think that she was
the architect of mania did you she is she is the architect of mania yes okay
okay gorgeous one more one more line I want to get one more line in sorry
that's where we get the naked from the naked version what does that mean the naked virgin it means the one who
exercises naked which is not on you know the concept of
exercise and being naked is welded together in the Greek
so um when I am exercising um I am doing it naked you know when you
run the Olympic events you're running naked right and they're doing it through
Hera the worship of Hera the women are doing it um I would argue probably before I'll
let the I'll let the folks who write books about such things make their declarations but
probably before the um the male was the female uh version so this virgin who
exercises naked is not you know the gymnast she is not necessarily an odd uh uh
figure this is not strange for us to Envision right it's not strange for us to Envision good and she has that thumon
having that thumb on that is our chest her heart
her inner spirit her inner Spirit causes the quaking
causes the quaking okay so we have a Cora we know that she's this hybrid
she is the only born of the supreme ruler
she alone shares his traits yeah it's it's gorgeous
um let's let's uh let's give this scoop here on our image and um just ask
Matthias here Matthias um is there any is as you are working
and as the art is coming through your hands is this um like when you made the sculpture of
the snake goddess as a as a younger as a 13 year old you know and you bring
coming up with the images in your mind and they're just kind of working themselves out organically
um tell us what's going on here with this is this inspiration that you're going
through what is this yeah this is really fun actually now that you mentioned it yeah so a couple
of things like um when you mention her having only a spear um I actually I used the tool that I was
hoping with and then put it in her hand and it almost went on pretty naturally it looks pretty good on her too so it
was like she was meant to be holding it and also like um
yeah that's it I think yeah she looks really good this is like a sketch right this is like um you know I'm not going
for the the finish here I'm just really going through this for the process
um for the the presentation you're giving um so I'm not worried about finishing it
as much as I am worried about just like um like trying different things and
having fun with what I'm doing and yeah it's pretty good yeah you you're
remaining faithful to the image aren't you and um just as Athena as worships on
Helicon where the Temple of the muses is then we know that their worship is I
mean look at look at this artist working right I want I had the privilege of watching Mathias produce from just the
rough clay just nothing it was like watching Michelangelo bring those images
out of the stone and Mateus could you do us one big favor and do you have this
the sketch that you made uh of the Echidna first could you show us the
sketch maybe hold that up to your camera yeah I do and this is her right here I
have plenty of these sketches really if I have been better prepared I wouldn't have had a bunch of them but
um this is more and less what she's supposed to be looking like or what you know this is like the rough sketch of
um what she's supposed to look like gorgeous gorgeous and of course Matthias is very is very humble about his work
and it's just a sketch right it's it's just a sketch well it's a pretty
fantastic and uh um um talented sketch so thank you thank you okay let's go to
the next verse and see if we can take our words and put them into this clay
into this breathing um this thing that's happening yeah so um on the next line gorgophone she is
the gorgophone um oh it got cut off at the top a little bit maybe it's a yeah there we go
gorgophone right what is she she's the killer of the Gorgon she's the killer of the Gorgon who is
that Gorgon that Gorgon is her own Priestess right that Gorgon is her own Priestess
it is from the footprint of that priest this is offspring that comes from her severed
head it is from that offspring that the hippocrine the Fountain of the muses
flows okay remember Pythagoras said you want us found a city in Antiquity he's not
talking myth he's talking to people who are out going to take their supplies get into a ship go go across the
Mediterranean to North Africa and start a Greek colony and they're like what
should we do and he's like number one the first thing you do before anything else build a temple to the muses build a
temple to the muses and your civilization will begin right you'll have Justice that way okay so here she
is the the one who brings that Fountain yeah yeah yeah she's the one who fugo
lectray she's the one who does not go to the bed of reproduction she does not why
she's the Virgo right she is not ready she is perpetually you didn't realize
that that the only begotten daughter of God was the Perpetual virgin did you now
she is right Perpetual virgin she shuns that bed shuns that bed right right
she's the polo always she is the mother
of all skill technique technique if you want to if you want to
stitch Fabrics in order to make a textile that displays a story on it you
have to work with her she is the source of that isn't that great I'm beginning
to I'm beginning to see all the angles of this individual and it's gorgeous yes
on the last next line I talked about hormones I talked about hormones before
here's the Greek here's the Greek hormastera
sotera savior Master she who brings the impulse
she who brings the hormone she who brings the push you can't take
your child and give her dedicate they call it dedication give her to the Temple of
Athena unless you expect that they will bring out in her that Invincible Medic
or medusik virgin Medusa just means to rule
it just means to rule when you create that six foot one hybrid 12 year old hybrid you have
created a ruler a ruler with a greater capacity than you
have up here greater capacity up here than you have
frene yeah good good let's see what happens I
bet it does something to the brain and I bet those priestesses end up that's why they're always deciding what
colony is going to go where and what the judgment is and they bring in this murder and they're like what do we do
with this guy he killed someone and she tells you why are they doing this why
does Western Justice spring up in her courtroom the Greeks made a huge deal
out of this through escalus with the orastaya in the last play the or style
it's called the humanities they transform the the furies into the
humanities and how do they do it through atene through Athena the virgin
yeah do you see it's not fairy tale we're talking about people
in time we're talking about drugs we're talking about ritual and performance and
we're talking about a hybrid girl who is handing down judgments and
telling you the future wow this is fan Athena Athena is not
what you thought she was issue okay um natey at the end of that line metis is
who she's born from right metis that mind
that capacity that is not masculine it is feminine mental capacity love it it's
love it gorgeous what is she she's an Iola morph oh that's interesting what if you trace
the different Iola Morse you'll understand what class she belongs to she takes the different forms
she has the spots on the skin like the spotted serpent
have you ever seen her legs it's a tale of a spotted serpent
is that isn't that gorgeous that's fantastic lamia right it's it's the Lamy
attic you know she comes from North Africa she is tritical after all right
the one from Triton the lake right right beautiful okay anyway
um and right after Iola morph right after Iola morph I want to make sure you're getting nope next one
bump yep there we go look what I've underlined in red yeah drakaina did you know Athena was a
dracana the dracana is the Draco yeah the serpent
um the the one who has the combination of
the milk and the blood and you say milk how is she milking yes
we are milking her she is nursing right because she has this this hybrid
has this chemical that we so value The Galena
that comes from her breasts and they're described as grape-like
grape-like there's an accident from them that we use remember she's been on Venom
since she was seven and how do they oh by the way how do they put them on Venom um what I have seen textually is lateral
slits lateral slits that are covered up with a
drug impregnated bandage yeah so you go for the day and you get your you get your bandage right and you
get your make your Cuts oh these aren't it's not bleeding make a cut until it bleeds and then right do it right
medication she's shown that right by the older priestesses
so um when she's at that age at seven that's when she's brought in so this is
a process of building someone yes yes building the only born
and remember you are not to enter the bed
you're not into the bed of mating we'd say to them the image of the bad was the
image of that coupling of that coming together and you weren't supposed to do that and if you did you lost your head
right and what is she what is this holy virgin gymnast what does she wear on her
chest on the skin that's on her chest she wears the head of the medicine
nice nice gorgeous gorgeous how's our head coming
along do we have a Medusa head don't you love the gyrations when whenever
Matthias is able to to bring life to her he moves her around and you see you can see he's able to
bring out because he has that art he's able to bring out that emotion that
image that feeling um this is why we need artists man to make our idols right thank you this is
antiquity bruh it's gorgeous gorgeous um what is after dracana bring up
drakina again what is after jakaina she's not only the serp the the serpent
Queen she is also feel and Dr rock those of you who know Dr
Rock will like it by the way I saw some people posting some stuff about Dr Rock
um and uh like it they like his work fantastic phenomenal um he was the one that I stood with in
Boston when we were talking about Harvard um and uh his research is of course
outstanding because he works with the sources right he doesn't you can't you can't get by anything with him he's a
scientist right he brings you the sources anyway um uh Dr Rock coined the word
um entheogen right in being in Theos being the God
and Jinn producing right so what is an entheogen and entheogen is a substance
that produces the God within now this is not
this is it's not like he just said oh I'm gonna I'm gonna cram some bases together and coin a word haha good for
me right now he didn't do that right this concept of in theosis right
um in our text here in our text right feeling she loves that infilling
she loves it when the god becomes one with you of course that
makes sense because that's what the Priestess is doing she is becoming Athena so that when she
has you under her spell and she's got you bound and drugged and she is singing
in your ear with that thundering powerful powerful voice
yeah um she is the atene she is the atene right Wow all I knew all we knew
about Athena was she's on the top of this Acropolis it's the woman symbol of the Athens in her freedom
yes yeah that's what we thought but wait a minute where are all the snakes and where all the what is all the ritual
right and what is what what is she doing she's inspiring us right she's the
mother of the Arts the virgin mother of the Arts the virgin mother of the earth that's
why she hangs around the Temple of the muse right Temple of the Muse perfect okay
and that last word Altera I'm gonna take you down to the
giganton she's the fighter of the Giants right the dispeller of the Giants she's
the horse motivator the horse completer the horse driver
she's that tritogenea she's the destroyer of the Cocoon or the the
dissolver of the Cocoon no no such thing as pollution around this
around this only born there's no pollution you can't she can't stand in
the presence of it right she's in that antrum she's in that Center of that Temple good and then
finally um yes she's the victory bringing Diamond Victory bringing diamond or
Athena Nikkei they call her right the bringer of the victory that's her and
finally um she's nocturnal and uh day of the day she's both of day and nights
serving the orice serving the hours what
does that mean when you say serving the hours all of a sudden you project yourself back into the Bronze Age with
the worship of the aura the Ori is the sun and the moon and the stars
it is the sun and the moon and the stars you should see in her this Royal
beginning the sun and moon and stars finally the last three lines
um cluthie moo cluthie moo cluthie moo El homino um listen to me hear me praying now this
is in the voice of the initiates right as they're singing hear me praying give
the peace provide the peace provide the Quran and
people will translate this is wealth it's not it's satiety
corros is satiety okay yes the sufficiency give the
sufficiency peace sufficiency health
yes and in these blessed Oris in these
hours right at these times what is he she's glauc off she has that it's often
described as steel blue or gray they don't really understand um what this word means the steel blue
or gray Ops eyes so they call her the gray eyed the gray eyed but that gray-eyed that
epithet the gray eyed belongs to that gorgophonic group
right the ones that bring that magic that's their gray-eyed appearance gray
eyed thing the Ops is what you look you look
in my the Ops is what you look into when you confront the goddess when you stand
before her you are in her Ops and her Ops is gray
steel blue yes okay wonderful wonderful how about
the um yeah she's the one who knows all the skill man she's gone on skill if you want the skill you go into her and she's
the pololiste Basile the queen who is most
prayed to the one who is the really accepts those that form of communication
right that prayer she's the one that you can bind that you
can work with if you know her secret name yes the half
girl or virgin half virgin half Viper and if you get 12 of these
together in a group you're invincible you're absolutely Invincible 12
archerouses with poison bows who use Venoms not only do they use Venoms but
as you can see from our sculpture she was raised on Venom
she was raised on Venom so she is a different form you didn't know Humanity
was capable of this form did you now you maybe you understand why they worshiped
her why they worshiped her why they brought her out why they took the
children of the aristocracy why they put them through if they had the perfect
qualifications why they put them through this regimen in order to reach this process of the
of the virgin yeah the virgin lamia
yeah it's um absolutely absolutely the Pinnacle of the combo of drugs and cult
and it is the mystery if you talk about Christianity as a mystery and you fail
to recognize what a mystery is you have no clue you're believing the fairy tale
right you're following the fairy tales you're not looking at history and reason you're looking at the fairy tale
your faith will lead you to the fairy tale to accept it reason will lead you
to the reality right and there's no question whether or not you want to accept the reality
because the reality doesn't care Judaism and Christianity are the
offshoot or the offshoot of this oracular mystery she is Bronze Age she
is before you and she manifests herself in the queen
yes in the queen all of this pharmacology goes back somewhere and
every signpost that I've seen points directly to caucus to the witch Medea
who is developing the Echidna she alone we know she alone can breathe that fire
yes gorgeous gorgeous give me the ability iason
iason people will tell you okay I'm gonna I'm gonna say one more thing and then I'm gonna check back in with Rob
because I want to see the magic is is happening we we want to see that image
um and we don't want to get lost in the fairy tale we just want to know
what those people were doing we want to we want to push it and we want to say who who is she what does she look like
where does she stand what does she do um how did she affect history and when
you follow when you um when you follow the language through
the medwa right medwa and Medusa are the same root they're the same root medicine where we
get our word medicine it's the same root and you you look at lexicographers and
they'll they'll argue about um Maga and Mada and where those ultimately come from and just long story
short the Mada is the moistness it is the do it is the manna that you reap
from between her legs yeah they were using these chemicals
they were using them in rights and if you were a Christian you are not part of
a mystery for any reason you are part of a mystery because that is the history that your
religion and its practices developed and Jesus stood there and said I am the
monogamous when he did that when his Apostles wrote
that he was the mono Guinness they were claiming a right to a throne
to the throne of God and now you understand now you
understand let's look at let's look at the image um tell us a couple of words here Mathias tell give us a couple of words
about how you're feeling as you make as you as you bring bring to life what kind
of um tell us about her that you're that you're making for a couple of minutes just you know free form
yeah sure I kind of want her to be a little bit like she's like she's
doing some kind of interrogation so a lot of the times when I'm playing around
with her I'm sort of seeing
how how like somebody if she was huge right she was like six foot tall how she
would look to somebody if they walked up to her like if she's asking a question
or if she's about to attack or something because right now she's just standing there but I'm wondering like
when somebody looks at her how should they feel
no that power of the thing that you're using there with the S curve tell us a
little bit about that oh the S curve yeah so the S curve is
something that like it gives it a really like interesting
shape it puts your hips forward your shoulders back this is like what you'll see what
models will do so they'll walk like this and it just elongates the body and it
gives it a lot of like expression so it gives it a really sort of elegant expression to the body
instead of her just being standing regularly
she sort of loses a little bit of the intensity of her body
I noticed that you've captured the combination of her masculinity and
femininity she's supposed to be female possessing masculine traits which I
think is a reflection of her coreic status and you have captured that you have really you have wrote Bravo you've
really captured that because I look at different parts of her and I'm trying to identify masculine feminine age and I
see that you've you've honed in you've you've honed in on that power of that of
that perfect combination right that perfect combination
um yeah why don't you tell me about um why don't you tell me about the snakes and
um yeah that by the way Matthias look at that hand everyone look at that left hand I mean uh wow I mean that says a
lot and it says different things from different angles I want to bring up I said before we're going to talk about Mr
Ferrari Atari Ferrari right Ferrari right and his
um here he is watch how he did the same thing like when you look at her head when you look at the angle that it is if
you rotate the angle of her head you'll see different positions of power you'll
see different poses in her and um for example if we got under her head
and we're looking at her from from the ground up as if she is looking at us with you see how as as Mateus changes
his shape all of a sudden the new emotion comes comes into the face let's
see let's see if he's meeting up with his ancestor um let's see if you're an ancestor let's
see if we can call you the seed uh of Ferrari um can we show Giordano Bruno
that for who Ferrari made yeah you see that um what about that what about that angle
there isn't that lovely does that do anything for you that's that's the particular statue matteus yeah of course
it's pretty it's interrogating you right so you're looking up at him and he's looking down at you and I'm sure that
the sun positions itself behind him so it's like he's backlit and it looks holy
you know you see and he's he's in this like dark
Hood he looks down at you he's sort of it's almost like he's asking you a question he's interrogating you I really
like that about this this um this statue especially because I
don't know much about Jordan and Bruno but I know he was a pretty intense guy
um so I think that this is like it does a lot of like just in terms of the
intensity of the of the pose and the intensity of the of
the look and the intensity of the angle that this hope that this um statues positioned is like really
speaking to his like nature and where did where did Ferrari
um or or you know he made the Statue but they placed it in a specific Square
wasn't it the square where they burned him alive yep it's in Rome so I'm not sure what
the name of the square is but yeah it's the exact place and um the the Catholic Church you know wasn't really happy
about that but um there wasn't much they could do
and from what I hear and from what I hear um poor poor G Bruno we'll just call him
G Bruno poor G Bruno was um brought up on some kind of impiety some kind of
charge against the church um he was he was who knows what it was you know actually for right but he was
saying he was saying things about planets about other planets and about the life that was on those other planets
out there and we know that that angered the church because it com it throws off
um their cosmogony right we don't their cosmography is suddenly incomplete and I'm not talking about the church's
cosmogony isn't the orphic cosmogony right they have that they created their
own in the Middle Ages because the orphan cosmogony that started the mystery
um was Pagan and they wanted to re to assert some sort of um hey no this is originally our days of
creation or our days of creation right and even though we're starting with the Earth and uranos right
um we're going to give you a new impression of that cosmogony so um it didn't fit it didn't fit all the
planets those of you who are out there and there are a lot of educated um people on this um Channel and those
of you are educated and who who know some Bruno and I know that there are those of you who are out there
um uh you may be able to appreciate this um a little bit with I don't know I may
just throw out an ass a golden ass to you and um who knows maybe the Ferrari
you think the Ferrari image was an ass a golden ass first what do you think Matthias
a golden ass verse the fiery image of what exactly like the JoJo the Jordana
Bruno sculpture no I'm talking about the horse on the um golden background yeah
um the horse on the golden background with the modern Ferrari yeah
the cars right yeah yeah um yeah it's a black horse on a golden
field and I'm not exactly sure um what the history of it is like
entirely but I do know or if it's like a legitimate um like uh
what's it called like um a coat of arms but I do know that it used to be a donkey before
so a black donkey and a golden field nice nice perhaps we don't know perhaps
they're using some of the same imagery yeah yeah um
I'm talking by the way I'm talking about the the logo the Ferrari the card the logo right the The Black Stallion
um I also do know that uh the um
that uh one of the nicknames for um Enzo fari was a a drag so they used to call
him the Dragon ah those those old those old European
families that preserve all of the all of the old medieval symbols that ultimately
are derived um from the roots of Hellenistic culture from Greek culture that's gorgeous I
love that I love that tonight has tonight has been outstanding I could sit here and look at her she's mesmerizing
and um I I can't thank you enough Matthias for for participating and for
allowing us to be in a part of your process um I think that we have the makings here
of a real salon and it's an honor Mateus to be able to to participate with you
yeah thank you this has been really fun it's it's uh it's really fun and it's
really great to get to do stuff like this and also it's good to do something like this while you're
you know when you're reading um while you're making your presentation
it inspires so it's like well you can have multiple things happening together and I know I'm not the only one in the
group who has artistic ability to some extent so um I'd be interesting to see more people
come out and like do more um artwork for the community
um I know a lot of people are writers also which is um there's really great stuff on the
Discord people have been writing especially doing research so
so an encouragement and the templum right encouragement in the in the Sacred
Space of Saturn for us to bring out this art yeah we'll do a pose for her she'll
she'll Point At You like I want you to uh fantastic like an Uncle Sam thing you
know like I want you to contribute yeah you're scaring me I don't know whether to be scared or to be excited I don't
know I don't know calling on all artists out there you see um the Virgin wants you
the Virgin wants you to enlisting you for some dope artwork yes
thank you Matthias and thank you everybody for coming tonight and we'll see you we'll see you Friday uh Friday
at Sabbat and um wow uh I can't I can't say
um look at look at look at just take one one yeah give us one more whole oh just like that angle look at that look at
that hand people oh my God okay I love it hail Satan
good morning
[Music]